Eat
Get out!
Knife.
You also tease people.
Dogo, where is the license plate?
It has nothing to do with me.
We are divorced, do you need to find him?
Don't bother me.
Blind Marry Me
What you seek outside yourself can help me.
Uncle.
Which set is mine?
Who let you in here?
What is it? Mr. Tran's drain pipe is broken.
Mr. Tran, you know each other.
This is my big brother's nephew.
Alright.
Tell me, what do you want from me?
This is like this.
General Manager Ma and General Manager Trinh want you to come back to the company for a visit.
You come back
What the hell is this?
It won't be Xuan Ban doing anything illegal or disturbing discipline outside.
What's up?